and now it's time for tony cairoli
no of the greatest motocross racers ever four times champion
of the world as a child armed with the only talent without a head sponsor turned
all of Italy with the Pope's van to cultivate this very great one
passion that led him to be his best driver in the world
maurizio fanelli's extraordinary story
Paul
this does not mean doing for a countervalue because I when I had
warned
honored is why
yay I hope the tests
the quorum
you. chocolate
I go I said
when I'm not there, there are store ways tv interviews a child
male
devolo
the story of one of the greatest riders of motorcycle cros and that of one
predestined without the refusal of nonantola
today we probably won't admire the exploits of tony cairoli and instead of italy
land of engines as well as celebrating the ferrari myth to celebrate the successes of
valentino rossi finds himself having the maximum interpreter of the
world motocross
other titles won in 5 years with the yamaka 3 2005 2009 but in this one
the ktm that I did not win in the world class was successful
queen since 1985 this year has been an important year 82 station and earn
youtube.it dallara tramente difficile is only a technical problem wants to
do this thing
so he unfortunately for them this problem the second run of the
the holder join with a pc connect with black
still a great gifted actor
both for me and for tivusat
however, before we came to dominate the world the road was long
the talent is immense but it could not be enough but he needed them
to confront in the north with the best Italian specialists to understand his
real potential the difficult part of the road always seen a lot
strange d
the rest of the room is often well spent money
do not vote for now my family addams always helped
in the motocross become almost unbeatable the hunger for di victories
competition could lead veronica to face
last post bologna compete with the best interpreters of the championship
american supercorsa
winning overseas put an end to the discussion about who he really is today
the greatest interpreter of the clawed wheels of the oratory
he could really devote himself. project
kuduro darren tempera to remain in the environment because
edit see
boys and girls being and why Italy
also under this point we are together the agenda of the tart without underpants a
very good network
Royal Palace
we hope xd to carry on another